essbase-parse-export-outline-xml-to-text
========================================

Java code to convert to delimited text file the XML generated by the "export outline" MaxL command

You can use the MaxLExportOutlineParseXML.java file directly or you can launch a form to walk through the process using OutlineReaderGUI.java. The included essbase-parse-export-outline-xml-to-text.jar will launch the GUI. In order for it to work, you need to click on the ZIP button above to download the files in zip format. You can then unzip them and double-click on essbase-parse-export-outline-xml-to-text.jar.

Either way, you'll need to use MaxL as follows to output the outline in XML:
Use the MaxL "export outline" command to export a dimension of the outline
 *   export outline "/path_to_otl/Sample.otl" list dimensions {"Account"} with alias_table "Default" to xml_file "/path_to_save_xml/sample_account_dim.xml";

Some people have experienced issues when trying to save the output file on Windows. The following steps are the workaround to this permissions issue:
* Go to Start -> Programs -> Accessories
* right click on Command Prompt and select "Run as administrator"
* cd to the directory where you saved essbase-parse-export-outline-xml-to-text
* run "java -jar essbase-parse-export-outline-xml-to-text.jar"

You can avoid this issue entirely by not selecting an output location at the root of the C directory (e.g. C:\test). Rather use one such as "C:\Documents and Settings\harry\outputFile.txt".

License
-------
(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2013 Harry Gates <harry.gates@cubesavvy.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
